vscode/README.md, before:

# VS Code

VS Code settings, script for installing extensions and custom icons.

## Installation

Download and install the font [Fira Code](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode).

Execute the PowerShell script to install the following extensions:

```plaintext
  # Appearance
  "jolaleye.horizon-theme-vscode"
  "vscode-icons-team.vscode-icons"
  # Formatting
  "editorconfig.editorconfig"
  "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  # Languages
  "yzhang.markdown-all-in-one"
  "james-yu.latex-workshop"
  "ms-vscode.powershell"
  "mikestead.dotenv"
  "ecmel.vscode-html-css"
  "bmewburn.vscode-intelephense-client"
  "mblode.twig-language-2"
  # Linter
  "davidanson.vscode-markdownlint"
  "shinnn.stylelint"
  "dbaeumer.vscode-eslint"
  # Miscellaneous
  "mkxml.vscode-filesize"
  "cssho.vscode-svgviewer"
  "bierner.emojisense"
  "pnp.polacode"
  "liximomo.sftp"
```

Copy the vsicons-custom-icons folder into the following directory:

```plaintext
  C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Roaming\Code\User\vsicons-custom-icons
```

Then in VS Code press `F1`, type `icons` and select `Apply Icons Customization`.

Copy the settings.json file into the following directory:

```plaintext
  C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Roaming\Code\User
```

## Extras

Additional sample configuration files, such as for plugins, are located in the .vscode folder.

Commit message:

updated / added terminal / install script

vscode/README.md, after:

# VS Code

VS Code settings, extensions and custom icons.

## Script

The script performs the following tasks:

- Copies the `settings.json` file to `C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Roaming\Code\User`.

- Installs these extensions:

```plaintext
  # Appearance
  "jolaleye.horizon-theme-vscode"
  "vscode-icons-team.vscode-icons"
  # Formatting
  "editorconfig.editorconfig"
  "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  # Languages
  "yzhang.markdown-all-in-one"
  "james-yu.latex-workshop"
  "ms-vscode.powershell"
  "mikestead.dotenv"
  "ecmel.vscode-html-css"
  "bmewburn.vscode-intelephense-client"
  "mblode.twig-language-2"
  # Linter
  "davidanson.vscode-markdownlint"
  "shinnn.stylelint"
  "dbaeumer.vscode-eslint"
  # Miscellaneous
  "liximomo.sftp"
  "mkxml.vscode-filesize"
  "cssho.vscode-svgviewer"
  "bierner.emojisense"
  "pnp.polacode"
```

- Copies the `vsicons-custom-icons` folder to `C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Roaming\Code\User`.

**Note:** If the custom icons are not appearing in VS Code, then press `F1`, type `icons` and select `Apply Icons Customization`.
